here's the aquifer I was in the puddin
and I need to succumb it's like a pair
of Apple earpods my place order I had no
idea where I would be living so I just
got delivered to the sport
I got them second pair of hair ties now
I have my ear pods in my ears pretty
much at all times extra light and so I
get a question all the time aren't Apple
earpods worth it I have answered that
question several times but I scared it
by title a video our outlet ear pods
worth it maybe it also so many people
ask me the question I have had them for
a while now about two months after they
were released the normal apple
headphones fit in my ear so I figured
okay these will fit in my ear belt and
they do they actually stay in my your
either because I find that the weight of
the string is actually what causes them
to fall out sometimes shape test I walk
around the city I boost a board around
the city I am constantly doing crazy
things with these in and they very
rarely fall out now sometimes I might
both in were something but I haven't
lost them that way I did lose the case
last month in a uber so I ordered a new
pair it took six weeks and I finally got
the new pair today but they were such a
big part of my life before that I
couldn't wait and you guys actually let
me know that you can go into Apple do
the little warranty thing and I'll
actually give you the case by itself for
$60 or something so that's what I did
but now I have two pairs of Apple
earpods and that tells you how valuable
that I think they are and how often they
are in my ear the battery range is
decent it's not the best but they are
constantly in my ears whether I am
listening to music podcast or taking
phone calls I take phone calls all the
time with my air husband and people seem
to not know the difference
or my earplugs no I will say one thing
if you are a girl and you have your hair
down a lot so it disguises the airpot
you look like a crazy person
you look like you're talking to yourself
but hey I live in city like New York not
the worst thing that you see on streets
the reason why I got a second pair is
because they are so constant in my ears
I'll be on a phone call whether it's
with Jeannie or John conversation will
cross the our mark and I have already
been using the air pods all day haven't
got a chance to charge them which by the
way the case it comes with that you put
them end does come with the charge so
you charge up your air pause in this you
can stick them back in and they will
charge and here's my problem is they're
never in the case so having a second
pair allows me to oh they're dead I can
just grab a second one allow the first
pair to charming
you're probably like Sara that is
ridiculous ridiculous but they have
become such a part of my everyday life
seems almost necessary the airbus have
also made my Apple watch much more
functional and fun to use I'll have my
ear pods are much connected to my phone
someone called me I lift up my wrist and
a screen pops up where I can deny the
call or answer it on my ear pods it'll
have a little like air pod circle I
click that and the phone calls instantly
hand it off to move upon in terms of
sound quality you're not going to get
the base of Beats headphones or the
tinny sound of Bose for some reason
people like the way both some I don't
want to ruffle feathers but I have
always never really enjoyed both
headphones quick sidenote the bose
noise-canceling earphones to go inside
your ear are actually incredible the way
they cancel the noise and the way to
sound this is good I recommend note the
Apple earpods down is a very flat sound
something very familiar to the normal
air buzz it's on the item from very
familiar shoes so I am pleased with the
way itself it's a very flat sound but
that's not necessarily bad
would you rather than ear pods yes yes
for the final time yes I would most
definitely recommend
the air pod when they were first
released people expected a lower price
tag for what you're getting but I have
found the functionality of them and just
the ease of use makes it worth it don't
get mad at me for saying that this price
is worth what you're getting but I I
officially think it is worth it now it
is a new day I have been chillin to an
apartment stuff we're day two I met up
with my first roommate ever from
Nashville Tennessee and I had a phone
call with my best friend from Nashville
Tennessee and I got to show my apartment
a lot to people and I have another
friend over what do you think of the
apartment it's great yeah great wipe
clean its I'm close to getting
everything set up and close people but
it's so fun to have I've been kind of
having friends come in and out for the
past couple of days cool to be proud set
up yes yes and the most important
question Brandon can I pressure you into
having a peach or flavor something good
okay but the real question okay
sparkling because you can go no
sparkling or sparkling
you didn't you didn't like the normal
kind right I've had one of these like
four years ago
Oh make this work so you're like oh gee
and I was like this is not good I think
they're just flat so here we go gotcha
okay hold on hold on one this is raw raw
and real raw first taste test
oh you get hit model there you go what's
that I'd like to see it's not too sweet
as an iced tea drink exactly I drink a
lot of features yeah yeah because it's
nice it's not sweet because I don't have
like no sugar knowing AI other actual
places yeah I feel like I'm not getting
paid to say this I'm just very
passionate about sparkling water have a
injury or have a friend what's the
offing else like literally this is it
father
you're black
yeah honestly okay because I'm giving
hint a lot of love I gotta give this
bottle of black plum is everywhere in
New York but they have these drinks that
you can just buy it like gas stations
bodegas and stuff and it's there like
Draft lattes and also pure black or so
no it's just iced coffee so they have
draft lattes and they have pure black
and these cans that are super portable
and it's delicious yes but you can tell
oh my god Lord knew oh yeah how many
times did you listen to it yesterday
well I listened at the stroke of 11:00
p.m. when a camera and I listened
probably all doesn't twice through
because I didn't listen through but I
was going I exact to it while I'm
listening
oh wait - all right we're stopping here
for stopping here I'm going to play a
random literally brought changes closer
if you want to take me oh my gosh oh my
god okay here's what's going to happen
right now I'm going to play it my Paris
hogs from new lore album and I'm going
to get Brandon to dance to them oh my
gosh you did not bring a change of
clothes guys it's about to get so
serious just want to let you guys know
that we don't play games around here
you guys anyways think about though like
if I play it for more than five
and some the naked eyes completely
copyrighted all right so much you five
seconds yeah looking to change the pitch
of the family reacted yeah right told
you like eight second Lord dance off
before I get into dancing first
so my second listen through is better
than my first the first time it was like
okay this is like it was slower than I
anticipated
so there were like certain hooks and
like very cool instrumental things that
happened like kept me going
and the second time so I was like
alright this is boring like this yeah I
think it's amazing I think her
production is so unique yeah that sounds
very interesting she made it with Jack
Antonoff
was like the main co-producer really oh
that guy he's like Percy's BFF of Taylor
Swift I'm Lana Dunham boyfriend and all
of it was the guitar player won the spot
yep fun but he has his own problem
adders call bleachers yes which is his
new album bleachers album amazing also I
didn't love his first kid a job recently
last week or something yeah so that
music everywhere Marilyn well bleachers
gotta set it up so that was her main
kind of main co-producer along with the
guy who I'm not running remembering his
name but who did pure heroin the last
album
so it's interesting because usually when
people when he works with people yeah he
has a really strong influence right and
you hear very simpie bleachers a dress
and I think it's a really good
cooperation I had it doesn't feel
overbear totally totally
and I feel like Lourdes and those
artists where like the more you listen
to it the more you get into it and stuff
but then someone like Katy Perry is
someone whom you usually buy that first
listen I'm like these are bangers this
is going to be the hit you look you get
into instantly but then her recent
albums which sounds like kind of crappy
explores what is really sad it's
confusing okay
alright here we go I guess you don't you
don't know which talk I don't know
anything
right now you're already seeing
different creative yeah and now that I
like listening to these songs for a
fourth time I'm being reminded that like
oh these are familiar like this is a
unique song cuz tuck yourself to run
together when you listen to them first
well I think this album is really good
about being unique yeah Everett yes
while also being a really nice motion
sense yes are you out of rest you you
got that that was just a sprint but yes
for all the dance moves check it out pal
3533 is Italian I didn't go to the Tonys
it was really amazing I worked on
Bandstand musical in the Best
Choreography Tony and I got to see them
win and perform it was oh man what wait
why did you tell me to say what well I
guess because you don't follow Broadway
news I guess the top surprising yeah
yeah the one best part rate so in my
boss did and I for the fact that I was
there while this is all happening was
pretty amazing on you guys pay attention
to this NYC squad cuz moves are being
thanks for hanging out with me yesterday
and today there were two days in this
video
Brandon thank you for entertaining the
peachie fan that was spontaneous he
wasn't prepared I was just like dance
and if it happened to have a pair of
dance and that's what you do anyways go
follow people 33 on Instagram it's been
fun to hang out with people and feel
like I have a space that I can be like
yo come over yeah I'm not I'm not like
ashamed of it so it's getting there I
ordered all of my final furniture last
night so a few more things are coming in
and then we'll be all set up and my
brain will be like nice and not
scattered so yeah what do we say if the
teacher came around here to fix baby I
got you do we just take you on that
[Music]
you